docs: Add Canvas Groups documentation (#4866)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/workflows/components/canvas-groups.md

contentType: howto
---

# Canvas Groups

Canvas Groups let you organize related nodes into a single named group on the canvas. Group the nodes that handle one part of a workflow, name it, and collapse it when you want a cleaner view. A Canvas Group saves with the workflow, so anyone who opens it sees the same structure. You can also collapse a Canvas Group for a cleaner view, which is a personal preference saved in your browser.

![A workflow with several collapsed Canvas Groups](/_images/workflows/components/canvas-groups/canvas-groups-overview.png)

## Create a Canvas Group

1. Select the nodes you want to group. Drag a selection box around them, or hold `Ctrl/Cmd` and click each node.
2. Select the **Group nodes** icon <span class="n8n-inline-image">![Group nodes icon](/_images/workflows/components/canvas-groups/group.svg){.off-glb}</span> in the toolbar above the selection, or press `Ctrl/Cmd` + `G`.
3. n8n creates the Canvas Group and highlights the name field so you can type a name straight away.

You can only group a selection when it forms a valid Canvas Group. See [What you can group](#what-you-can-group) for the rules.

## Name a Canvas Group

> n8n highlights the name field when you create a Canvas Group, so you can name it right away. To rename it later, double-click its name, edit the text, then click away. Canvas Group names are required and you will not be able to leave it blank, it will default to "Group N" (where N is a number).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you create a Canvas Group, n8n automatically assigns a default name (for example, "Group 1") and highlights it so you can immediately replace it with something more descriptive or keep the suggested name. To rename a group later, double-click its name, edit the text, then click anywhere outside the group to save. Group names cannot be left blank.
```
